SPDX-License-Identifier: LicenseRef-NonCommercialBasedOnBSD

Note: This license is a Modified BSD License, with additional terms restricting
use to noncommercial purposes.

Copyright Â© 2025, Christian Senger <senger@inue.uni-stuttgart.de>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

4. This software may only be used for noncommercial purposes, including
teaching and academic research at universities, colleges, and other educational
institutions, as well as for personal non-profit purposes. Commercial use is
strictly prohibited.

DEFINITION OF NONCOMMERCIAL USE: For purposes of this license, "noncommercial
purposes" means use that is not intended for or directed toward commercial
advantage or monetary compensation.

DEFINITION OF COMMERCIAL USE: "Commercial purposes" include, but are not
limited to, using the software or derivative works in connection with any
revenue-generating activity, for-profit enterprise, or service offered for a
fee.

If you wish to use this software for commercial purposes, including use by a
for-profit company or in a commercial product, please contact the copyright
holder to inquire about a commercial license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
